feat(server): Support supplying a list of headers when keying IPs for rate limiting (#12199)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/environment-variables.md

| `DISABLE_VALUE_LIST_RETRIEVAL_KEY_PATTERN` | `string` | `""`    | Disable the retrieval of the list of label values for keys based on this regular expression.                            |
| `FIRST_TIME_USER_MODAL`                    | `bool`   | `true`  | Show this modal.                                                                                                        |
| `FEEDBACK_MODAL`                           | `bool`   | `true`  | Show this modal.                                                                                                        |

> | `IP_KEY_FUNC_HEADERS`                      | `string` | `""`    | List of comma separated headers to key requests for rate limiting. By default, uses hosts in remote addresses.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IP_KEY_FUNC_HEADERS`                      | `string` | `""`    | List of comma separated request headers containing IPs to use for rate limiting. For example, "X-Forwarded-For,X-Real-IP". By default, uses the request's remote IP address.          |
```

Added some more details, specificity, and an example
